Slot selection UI config (#4)
clearvis-io/clearvisio-appointment-booker: README.md

  * *primary*: Sets the color of the header and the primary buttons
  * *danger*: Sets the color of errors dialogs and validation messages
  * *success*: Sets the header color of the success dialog
* **timeSlotMode**: Lists the available time slots with different appearances.

>   * The deafult value is `singleColumn`, that means all the available times will appear beaneth each other in one column.

Author: ```suggestion
  * The deafult value is `singleColumn`, that means all the available times will appear beneath each other in one column.
```

>   * When set to `partOfDay` the available times will group up in 3 mayor categories, morning, afternoon and evening.

Author: ```suggestion
  * When set to `partOfDay` the available time slots will be grouped into morning, afternoon and evening.
```
